[@expo/use-updates] New useUpdates() JS API (#21880)
expo/expo: packages/@expo/use-updates/README.md

# @expo/use-updates

> A new, simpler JS API for the `expo-updates` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simpler JavaScript API for the `expo-updates` module.
```

Let's skip "new" in the description. If we want to indicate the package freshness in some way, I would go with information note at the top (similar to `expo-maps` for example).

- Wrap existing asynchronous methods and native event listener
- No asynchronous methods needed
- Optional callbacks called on start, completion or error during update check or download

> *Usage*
> 
> 
> ```jsx UpdatesDemo.tsx

Reviewer: Or, as Aman suggested above:
```suggestion
## Usage

```jsx UpdatesDemo.jsx
```
